Initial RPi considerations (#832)
onedr0p/flux-cluster-template: README.md

#### Raspberry Pi / ARM64

##### Hardware Considerations

> If you choose to use a Raspberry Pi for the cluster, I would recommend at minimum a Raspberry Pi4 (4GB) and preferably an 8GB model. Additionally, I would recommend booting from and external SSD, rather than the SD card, as slower write times will impact etcd if you use it as a master.
> 
> This is supported [natively](https://www.raspberrypi.com/documentation/computers/raspberry-pi.html), however if you have an early Raspberry Pi4, you may need to [update the bootloader](https://www.tomshardware.com/how-to/boot-raspberry-pi-4-usb).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you choose to use a Raspberry Pi for the cluster, it is recommended to have at minimum a Raspberry Pi4 (4GB) and preferably an 8GB model. Additionally, it is also recommended to boot from an external SSD, rather than the SD card. This is supported [natively](https://www.raspberrypi.com/documentation/computers/raspberry-pi.html), however if you have an early Raspberry Pi4, you may need to [update the bootloader](https://www.tomshardware.com/how-to/boot-raspberry-pi-4-usb).
```

> This is supported [natively](https://www.raspberrypi.com/documentation/computers/raspberry-pi.html#raspberry-pi-4b-and-raspberry-pi-400), however if you have an early Raspberry Pi4, you may need to update the bootloader, like [this](https://www.tomshardware.com/how-to/boot-raspberry-pi-4-usb).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is supported [natively](https://www.raspberrypi.com/documentation/computers/raspberry-pi.html), however if you have an early Raspberry Pi4, you may need to [update the bootloader](https://www.tomshardware.com/how-to/boot-raspberry-pi-4-usb).
```

#### Raspberry Pi / ARM64

> ##### Hardware Considerations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Hardware Considerations

```

If you choose to use a Raspberry Pi for the cluster, I would recommend at minimum a Raspberry Pi4 (4GB) and preferably an 8GB model. Additionally, I would recommend booting from and external SSD, rather than the SD card, as slower write times will impact etcd if you use it as a master.

This is supported [natively](https://www.raspberrypi.com/documentation/computers/raspberry-pi.html#raspberry-pi-4b-and-raspberry-pi-400), however if you have an early Raspberry Pi4, you may need to update the bootloader, like [this](https://www.tomshardware.com/how-to/boot-raspberry-pi-4-usb).

> For SSD hardware, it's common to use the [Kingston A400](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B01N5IB20Q/), with any [USB3.0 USB SATA Adapter](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B011M8YACM).

Reviewer: Would it be better to include a pcpartpicker url for this hardware?

Author: We can do that for the SSD, but not so much the. USB adapter, AFAIK.

Reviewer: You can add in "other parts" I think in pcpartpicker

Author: Yeah, I can see external drives, but not the adapter. I'll just remove it.
